DP-10: Reorganize Administration section (#5836)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/events/sources/snmp-traps.adoc

----

The order in which events are listed in the `eventconf.xml` file is extremely important.

> The search will stop with the first event definition that matches the given event (see xref:deep-dive/events/event-configuration.adoc[eventconf.xml]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search stops with the first event definition that matches the given event (see xref:deep-dive/events/event-configuration.adoc[eventconf.xml]).
```
